67420: Port Docker VM text improvements to master (#673)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/vms.rst

:literal:`[rancher@rancher ~]$` prompt is displayed.

Ensure Rancher has functional networking and can :command:`ping` an
outside website.

.. code-block:: none

   [rancher]@ClientHost ~]$ ping -c 3 google.com
   PING google.com (172.217.0.78): 56 data bytes

   64 bytes from 172.217.0.78: seq=0 ttl=54 time=18.613 ms
   64 bytes from 172.217.0.78: seq=1 ttl=54 time=18.719 ms
   64 bytes from 172.217.0.78: seq=2 ttl=54 time=18.788 ms

   --- google.com ping statistics ---

   3 packets transmitted, 3 packets received, 0% packet loss
   round-trip min/avg/max = 18.613/18.706/18.788 ms

If :command:`ping` returns an error, adjust the VM
:ref:`Network Interface <vms-network-interface>` and reboot the VM.

Download and install the Rancher server with
:command:`sudo docker run -d --restart=unless-stopped -p 8080:8080 rancher/server`.

If a :literal:`Cannot connect to the Docker daemon` error is shown,
enter :command:`sudo dockerd` and try
:command:`sudo docker run -d --restart=unless-stopped -p 8080:8080 rancher/server`
again. Installation time varies with processor and network connection
speed. :literal:`[rancher@ClientHost ~]$` is shown when the installation
is finished.

> Enter :command:`ifconfig eth0 | grep 'inet addr'` to view the Rancher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:command:`ifconfig eth0 | grep 'inet addr'` shows the Rancher
```

IP address. Enter the IP address followed by :literal:`:8080` into a web
browser to connect to the Rancher web interface. For example, if the IP
address is :literal:`10.231.3.208`, enter :literal:`10.231.3.208:8080`
in the browser.

> The Rancher web interface takes a few minutes to start. The web browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rancher web interface can take several minutes to start. The web browser
```

> might show a connection error while the web interface starts. If a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
might show a connection error while the web interface is starting. If a
```

:literal:`connection has timed out` error is shown, wait one minute and
refresh the page.

When the Rancher web interface loads, click :guilabel:`Add a host` from
the banner across the top of the screen. Verify that
:guilabel:`This site's address` is chosen and click :guilabel:`Save`.

> Following the steps shown, copy the full :samp:`sudo docker run`

Reviewer: Be specific about where the steps are shown.  Above in the docs, or on the console?

```suggestion
Following the steps shown on the console, copy the full :samp:`sudo docker run`
```

command from the text box, go back to the %brand% |web-ui|, and paste
the command in the Docker Host shell. The Docker Host will finish
configuring Rancher. A :literal:`[rancher@ClientHost ~]$` prompt is
shown when the configuration is complete.

Verify that the configuration is complete. Go to the Rancher web
interface and click

> :menuselection:`INFRASTRUCTURE --> Hosts`. Verify a host with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`INFRASTRUCTURE --> Hosts`.
When a host with the Rancher IP address is shown,
```

> Rancher IP address is shown. If present, configuration is complete and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration is complete and
```

Rancher is ready to use.

> For more information on using Rancher, see the Rancher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on Rancher, see the Rancher
```
